docs: PD-2173 add new end point to get all users (#67)
cloudconformity/documentation-api: Users.md

}
```

# Get all users

> This end point allows the current user to get the details of all users in the organisation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This endpoint allows the current user to get the details of all users in the organisation.
```

> Only ADMINS are able to view all users in the organisation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only ADMINS are able to view all users in the organisation.
```

#### Endpoints:

`GET /users`

#### Parameters

This end point takes no parameters.

```
curl -H "Content-Type: application/vnd.api+json" \

> -H "Authorization: ApiKey S1YnrbQuWagQS0MvbSchNHDO73XHqdAqH52RxEPGAggOYiXTxrwPfmiTNqQkTq3p" \

Reviewer: this isn't a real api key right?

Author: it's not real

https://us-west-2-api.cloudconformity.com/v1/users
```

Example Response:
```
{
    "data": [
        {
            "type": "users",

>             "id": "WTLZTMW3R",

Reviewer: are these ids mocked values?

Author: yep those are mocked id's
